Open DOVE
---------

DOVE (distributed overlay virtual Ethernet) is a network
virtualization platform that provides isolated multi-tenant networks
on any IP network in a virtualized data center. DOVE provides each
tenant with a virtual network abstraction providing layer-2 or layer-3
connectivity and the ability to control communication using access
control policies. Address dissemination and pol icy enforcement in
DOVE is provided by a clustered directory service. It also includes a
gateway function to enable virtual machines on a virtual network to
communicate with hosts outside the virtual network domain.

More information on Open DOVE is available on the OpenDaylight project
wiki:

https://wiki.opendaylight.org/view/Open_DOVE:Main


CODE STRUCTURE
--------------

Open DOVE requires several components to provide the full control
plane and data plane solution.  Each subdirectory contains one of the
Open DOVE components:

./odmc -- Open DOVE Management Console (OSGi bundle that runs in the
OpenDaylight controller)

./northbound -- REST API implementation for Open DOVE (these follow
the model of OpenStack Neutron -- see the OpenStack documentation for
more information)

./odcs -- Open DOVE Connectivity Service

./ovs-agent -- agent for the Open DOVE vswitch, based on Open vSwitch
+ user-space extension.  The agent has dependencies on Connectivity
Service (see BUILDING below).

./odgw -- Open DOVE Gateway (user space controller for the DOVE
gateway kernal module)

./third-party -- directory for downloading and building third-party
dependencies not included in the Open DOVE distribution (e.g., Open
vSwitch).  


BUILDING
--------

Please see the documentation in each respective directory on how to
build each component.  They are each a little bit different.

The ovs-agent depends on third-party components and also the odcs. The ovs-agent
depends on some object files that are generated as part of the odcs
build.   It should be built after the odcs, and after running the getdeps.sh
script in the third-party directory.

